<think>Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to extract specific metadata from the DOJ press release. First, I need to go through the provided text carefully.

Starting with the district_office. The press release mentions "U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New York," so that's the district office. Got that.

Next, usa_name is Preet Bharara. That's straightforward from the same sentence.

Event_type: The main event here is the extradition, but looking at the options given (indictment, plea, conviction, sentencing, deferred-prosecution, other). The press release says Budovsky was extradited and will be arraigned. The primary event might be the indictment since he was already indicted before extradition. Wait, the event_type should be the main event described. The title mentions extradition, but the body talks about his extradition and upcoming arraignment. However, the event_type options don't include extradition. The options are limited, so maybe "indictment" since he was indicted earlier, but the current event is extradition. Since "other" is an option, maybe "other" is correct here. Wait, the instructions say to choose from the list. Let me check again. The event_type options are indictment, plea, conviction, sentencing, deferred-prosecution, or other. The press release's main event is his extradition and arrival in the US, but the legal event described here is the extradition process. Since extradition isn't listed, perhaps the event_type is "other". Alternatively, maybe the indictment is the primary legal event mentioned. The press release states he was indicted in 2013, but the current event is extradition. Hmm. The user wants the primary legal event described in the press release. The title is about extradition, but the body mentions the indictment as part of the background. Since the main focus is his extradition and the legal proceedings (arraignment), but the event_type options don't include extradition. Since the event_type must be one of the listed, maybe "other" is the right choice here. Alternatively, maybe the event is the arraignment, but arraignment isn't an option either. Wait, the options are indictment, plea, etc. Since the press release is announcing his extradition and upcoming arraignment, but the main legal action here is the extradition, which isn't listed. So "other" would be the only possible choice here. But I need to check if there's a better fit. Alternatively, maybe the event_type is "indictment" because the indictment is part of the case, but the extradition is the current event. The user might consider the primary event as the extradition, but since it's not in the list, "other" is the answer.

Judge_name: The text mentions U.S. Magistrate Judge James C. Francis IV and U.S. District Judge Denise L. Cote. So two judges. But the fields are judge_name and judge_title. Since the question says to put the full name of the judge mentioned, if any. There are two judges here. But the JSON requires a single value. The instructions say if a field's value cannot be found, use null. Wait, but there are two judges. The problem is, the fields are singular. The user probably expects the first one mentioned? Or maybe the one related to the event. The press release says he will be presented before Magistrate Judge Francis on Oct 11, then arraigned before Judge Cote on Oct 14. Since the event_type is extradition, but the legal proceedings involve both judges. However, the fields are singular. The user might expect the first judge mentioned. So judge_name would be "James C. Francis IV" and judge_title "U.S. Magistrate Judge". Alternatively, maybe the district judge is more prominent. But the instructions don't specify to list all, so perhaps the first one. Alternatively, maybe the judge_title is "U.S. District Judge" for Denise Cote. Hmm. The problem is the fields are singular. Since the user wants the full name of the judge mentioned, if any. Since both are mentioned, but the JSON can only have one, perhaps the first one. Alternatively, maybe the main judge is Denise L. Cote because she's handling the arraignment. The arraignment is a more formal proceeding. Let me check the text again. The first judge mentioned is Magistrate Judge Francis IV for the presentation on Oct 11, then Judge Cote for the arraignment on Oct 14. Since the arraignment is a key event, maybe the judge_title would be "U.S. District Judge" and the name Denise L. Cote. But the user might want both? But the fields are singular. Since the question says "the judge mentioned, if any", perhaps list both? But the JSON structure allows only one. Since the user might expect the first one, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe the answer should include the first judge mentioned. Let me proceed with the first one: judge_name: "James C. Francis IV", judge_title: "U.S. Magistrate Judge".

Case_number: The press release doesn't mention a specific case number. So null.

Max_penalty_text: The text doesn't state the maximum potential sentence directly. It mentions that Budovsky was indicted, but the indictment's charges aren't detailed here. The body talks about prior convictions but not the current max penalty. So null.

Sentence_summary: The press release says four co-defendants have pleaded guilty and await sentencing, but Budovsky's sentence isn't mentioned yet. So null.

Money_amounts: The text mentions "$6 billion" in funds, "more than $6 billion". Also, "approximately 55 million transactions totaling more than $6 billion". So that's a significant amount. Are there others? The prior conviction in 2006 for Gold Age Inc. but no amounts there. So money_amounts should be "$6 billion".

Crypto_assets: The press release mentions "virtual currency" and "digital currency" like Liberty Reserve and E-Gold. But the crypto_assets field is for specific cryptocurrencies like BTC, ETH, etc. Since Liberty Reserve and E-Gold are their own systems, not standard cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, maybe they don't qualify. The question specifies "cryptocurrency assets", so unless Liberty Reserve is considered a cryptocurrency, but it's a payment system. The text doesn't mention specific crypto assets like Bitcoin. So crypto_assets would be null.

Statutes_json: The indictment mentions charges like operating an unlicensed money transmitting business. The text says in 2006, Budovsky was convicted in New York State of operating Gold Age Inc. as an unlicensed money transmitting business. The federal statutes mentioned? The indictment's charges might be under federal laws. The press release says "money laundering and operating an unlicensed money transmitting business" in the part about E-Gold. The current indictment's statutes aren't explicitly listed with U.S. Code sections. The user needs the U.S. Code statutes mentioned. Since the text doesn't specify exact statutes like 18 U.S.C. ยง numbers, statutes_json would be null.

Timeline_json: The key dates are the indictment date, but the indictment was in May 2013 (indictment_date: "2013-05-28" since the indictment was unsealed on May 28, 2013). Also, the arrest in Spain in May 2013. The extradition arrival is mentioned as "this afternoon" but the exact date isn't given except the presentation on Oct 11, 2014, and arraignment on Oct 14, 2014. So the timeline would include those dates. The event_type might be extradition, but the timeline should include indictment_date, plea_date, etc. The indictment date is May 28, 2013. The arrest was in May 2013 but exact date not given. The plea dates for co-defendants are not specified except that four have pleaded guilty and await sentencing. So the timeline_json would have indictment_date: "2013-05-28", and the arraignment dates as part of the timeline, but the event_type isn't plea or sentencing. The user's instructions for timeline_json are key dates like indictment_date and plea_date. Since plea_date isn't present for Budovsky, but others have pleaded, perhaps only the indictment date is there. So timeline_json: {"indictment_date": "2013-05-28", "arraignment_date": "2014-10-14"} but arraignment isn't one of the keys specified. The user's example includes indictment_date and plea_date. Since the arraignment is a key date, but the keys are not specified beyond those examples. The user's instruction says "key dates, like {"indictment_date": "YYYY-MM-DD", "plea_date": "YYYY-MM-DD"}". So perhaps include the indictment date and the arraignment date as plea_date? No, plea is different. The arraignment is a separate event. Since the user's example includes indictment and plea dates, but the arraignment isn't plea. So maybe only indictment_date is present here. Alternatively, include the arraignment date under a different key, but the user's example only shows indictment and plea. Since the user's instruction says "key dates, like...", so perhaps include the indictment date and the arraignment date as another key. But the JSON structure must follow the example's keys. Since